fix: Clean up the glossary (#638)
Agoric/documentation: main/glossary/README.md

## AmountMath
The AmountMath library executes the logic of how [amounts](#amounts) are changed when digital assets are merged, separated,
or otherwise manipulated. For example, a deposit of 2 [Quatloos](#quatloos) into a purse that already has 3 Quatloos
gives a new balance of 5 Quatloos. But a deposit of a non-fungible theater ticket into a purse that already holds

> five tickets is performed by combining arrays rather than by arithmetic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
five tickets is performed by set union rather than by arithmetic.
```

> `AmountMath` has a single set of polymorphic methods that deal with two different asset kinds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AmountMath` has a single set of polymorphic methods that deal with different asset kinds:
```
Add sections below on AssetKind.COPY_SET and AssetKind.COPY_BAG . Mention that AssetKind.SET is recently deprecated in favor of AssetKind.COPY_SET but still in wide use. AssetKind.COPY_BAG is for semi-fungible.

gives a new balance of 5 Quatloos. But a deposit of a non-fungible theater ticket into a purse that already holds
five tickets is performed by set union rather than by arithmetic.

`AmountMath` has a single set of polymorphic methods that deal with different asset kinds:
- `AssetKind.NAT`: Used with [fungible](#fungible) assets.
  Each amount value is a natural number (non-negative integer).
  This is the default `AssetKind`.
- `AssetKind.SET`: Used with [non-fungible](#non-fungible) assets;
  deprecated in favor of `AssetKind.COPY_SET` but still in wide use.
  Each amount value is an array of [key](#key) values
  subject to the same constraints as those of `AssetKind.COPY_SET`.
- `AssetKind.COPY_SET`: Used with [non-fungible](#non-fungible) assets.
  Each amount value is a set of [key](#key) values
  (strings, numbers, objects, etc.).
  Values cannot include promises (they aren't keys), and should not
  include privileged objects such as payments and purses.
- `AssetKind.COPY_BAG`: Used with semi-fungible assets.
  Each amount value is a [multiset](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiset)
  of [key](#key) values subject to the same constraints as

>   those of `AssetKind.COPY_SET` but allowed to be present more than once.

Author: @erights I've added the text for COPY_SET and COPY_BAG. Please (re-)review, and if possible suggest some text for "semi-fungible" (which is currently absent, a glaring omission here where we link to "fungible" and "non-fungible").

Reviewer: ## Semi-fungible
A semi-fungible asset is one where there are distinct forms of the asset, which are not interchangeable with each other, but in which there may be multiple instances of each form which are interchangeable with other instances of the same form. As a variation on the [non-fungible](#non-fungible) theater ticket example, perhaps the tickets only specify a section, where the holder may sit in any seat of that section. For each section, the number of theater tickets minted should not exceed the number of seats in that section.

Reviewer: Waddaya think?

## Brand
Identifies the kind of [issuer](#issuer), such as "[Quatloos](#quatloos)",
"[Moola](#moola)", etc. Brands are one of the two elements that
make up an [amount](#amounts).
For more information, see the [ERTP Guide's Brand section](/ertp/guide/amounts.md)
and the [ERTP API's Brand section](/ertp/api/brand.md).

## Bundle

Before a contract can be installed on Zoe, its source code must be bundled. This is done by:
```js
import bundleSource from '@endo/bundle-source';
const atomicSwapBundle = await bundleSource(
    require.resolve('@agoric/zoe/src/contracts/atomicSwap'),
);
```
The installation operation returns
an `installation`, which is an object with one method; `getBundle()`. You can access an installed contract's source
code via `const { endoZipBase64 } = await E(installation).getBundle();`.
In most cases, the bundle contains a base64-encoded zip file that you can
extract for review:
```sh
echo "$endoZipBase64" | base64 -d > bundle.zip
unzip bundle.zip
```

## Burn

Destroy all digital assets in a payment, for example as part of consuming it in an exchange. See [`issuer.burn(payment, optAmount)`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-burn-payment-optamount).

> ## Comparable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key
```
The `Comparable` type is now just a deprecated name for `Key`. All mentions of `Comparable` should be changed to `Key`.

A *comparable* is a [passable](#passable) containing no promises or errors, and can
thus be synchronously compared for structural equivalence with another piece of data.

> If either side of the comparison contains promises and/or errors, equality is indeterminable.

Reviewer: Do you want to mention that we're talking about comparisons at the `compareKeys` level of abstraction, or leave that implicit since that's the only one normal users should be exposed to?

> If both are fulfilled down to [presences](#presence) and local state, then either they're the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both are fulfilled down to [remotables](#remotables) and local state, then either they're the
```
In making this suggestion, I didn't check if `#remotables` links to anything.

Author: The page doesn't have a Remotable heading, but aren't non-presence remotables already covered here by "and local state"?

same all the way down, or they represent different objects.

> ## Contract and Contract Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contract Installation and Contract Instance
```
and use that terminology consistently below. I prefer to avoid synecdoche when speaking precisely.

The Board is a shared, on-chain location where users can post a value and make it
accessible to others. When a user posts a value, they receive a unique ID for the value.
Others can get the value just by knowing the ID. You can make an ID known by any
communication method&mdash;a DM or email or other private message, a phone call/voicemail,

> an email blast to a mailing list, publishing it on a website, etc.

Reviewer: Note that these IDs are publicly visible, so publishing an object in the board makes it publicly accessible. If this is not appropriate for the object you have in mind, do not use the board to communicate access to that object.

## Brand
Identifies the kind of [issuer](#issuer), such as "[Quatloos](#quatloos)",
"[Moola](#moola)", etc. Brands are one of the two elements that
make up an [amount](#amounts).
For more information, see the [ERTP Guide's Brand section](/ertp/guide/amounts.md)
and the [ERTP API's Brand section](/ertp/api/brand.md).

## Bundle

Before a contract can be installed on Zoe, its source code must be bundled. This is done by:
```js
import bundleSource from '@endo/bundle-source';
const atomicSwapBundle = await bundleSource(
    require.resolve('@agoric/zoe/src/contracts/atomicSwap'),
);
```
The installation operation returns
an `installation`, which is an object with one method; `getBundle()`. You can access an installed contract's source

> code via `const { endoZipBase64 } = await E(installation).getBundle();`.

Reviewer: Suggest putting this code in its own block
```js
  const { endoZipBase64 } = await E(installation).getBundle();
```

an `installation`, which is an object with one method; `getBundle()`. You can access an installed contract's source

> code via `const { source } = await E(installation).getBundle();`.

Reviewer 2: This probably needs to change to `const { endoZipBase64 } = await E(installation).getBundle(); console.log(endoZipBase64)` and down below `echo "$endoZipBase64" | base64 -d > bundle.zip` for clarity about how this transits from JS to shell.

In many cases, the bundled source is a single reviewable string.

> In others, the bundle contains a base64-encoded zip file that you can

Reviewer 2: It might be worthwhile to shift the emphasis here. Base64-encoded Zip files are the norm now, not the exception.

extract for review.
```sh
echo "$bundle_source" | base64 -d > bundle.zip
unzip bundle.zip
```

## Burn

> Destroy all digital assets in a payment, e.g. as part of consuming it in an exchange. See [`issuer.burn(payment, optAmount)`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-burn-payment-optamount).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Destroy all digital assets in a payment, for example as part of consuming it in an exchange. See [`issuer.burn(payment, optAmount)`](/ertp/api/issuer.md#issuer-burn-payment-optamount).
```

> ## CreatorInvitation

Reviewer: This identifier, with the leading and midcap, does not appear anywhere else. I suggest just two words, so it's clear it is prose rather than a code identifier.
```suggestion
## Creator Invitation
```

## E()

> (Also referred to as *eventual send*) `E()` is a local "bridge" function that invokes methods on remote objects, for example

Reviewer: We use `E` to send to local and remote objects. The key features are that the designated object *can be* remote, and that the invocation is always asynchronous, to be handled in its own later turn. The expression returns a promise for the invocation's result.

## E()

(Also referred to as *eventual send*) `E()` is a local "bridge" function that
asynchronously invokes methods on local or remote objects, for example those

> in another vat, machine, or blockchain. It takes a local object or a [presence](#presence)

Reviewer: or a promise for a local or remote object

Part of an [offer](#offer) specifying how the offer can be cancelled/exited. There are three values:
- `onDemand: null`: (Default) The offering party can cancel on demand.
- `waived: null`: The offering party can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to promptly finish their offer.

> - `afterDeadline: {…}`: The offer is automatically cancelled after a deadline, as determined by its `deadline` and `timer` properties.

Reviewer: Maybe expand the nested record to show the timer and deadline?

Author: I opted instead for a link to https://agoric.com/documentation/zoe/api/zoe.html#proposals-and-payments .

is available [here](https://www.computerweekly.com/blog/Open-Source-Insider/What-developers-need-to-know-about-inter-blockchain-communication).

## Invitation
A [payment](#payment) whose amount represents (and is required for) participation in a contract instance.
Contracts often return a creator invitation on their instantiation, in case the contract instantiator wants
to immediately participate. Otherwise, the contract instance must create any additional invitations.

> Every [offer](#offer) to participate in a contract instance must include an invitation to that instance in its payment, and any wallet receiving one will validate it via the [InvitationIssuer](#invitationissuer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every [offer](#offer) to participate in a contract instance must include an invitation to that instance as the first `offer` argument, and any wallet receiving one will validate it via the [InvitationIssuer](#invitationissuer).
```

For more information, see the [ERTP Guide's Issuer section](/ertp/guide/issuers-and-mints.md)
and the [ERTP API's Issuer section](/ertp/api/issuer.md).

## Key

A *key* is a [passable](#passable) containing no promises or errors, and can
thus be synchronously compared for structural equivalence with another piece of data.
If either side of the comparison contains promises and/or errors, equality is indeterminable.
If both are fulfilled down to [presences](#presence) and local state, then either they're the

> same all the way down, or they represent different objects.

Reviewer: Keys can be used as elements of CopySets and CopyBags, and as keys of CopyMaps. Amounts can only contain Keys.

## Keywords

> Keywords are unique identifiers per contract. They tie together the [proposal](#proposal), [payments](#payment)

Reviewer: This explanation is just wrong. Maybe something like

Keywords are property names strings which are valid identifiers, and which start with an upper case letter. A KeywordRecord is a CopyRecord in which all the properties are named by Keywords.

Please rephrase to taste.

## Mint

[ERTP](#ertp) has a *mint* object, which creates digital assets. [ZCF](#zcf) provides a different interface to an ERTP mint, called a
*ZCFMint*. Assets and AssetHolders created using ZCFMints can be used in all the same ways as assets created by other ERTP Mints.
They interact with Purses, Payments, Brands, and Issuers in the same ways.

- ERTP mints create digital assets and are the only ERTP objects with the authority to do so.
  Access to an ERTP mint gives you the power to create more digital assets of its type at will. Mints
  can only create one type of asset and cannot change to create a different type.

  There is a one-to-one relationship between an [issuer](#issuer) and its mint, and a mint is an administrative [facet](#facet) of its issuer.
  ERTP mints are also in a one-to-one relationship with that issuer's associated [brand](#brand).

> - ZCFMints give contract code a simpler interface to interact with an ERTP mint. Because ZCFMints encapsulate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ZCFMints give contract code a simpler interface to interact with an ERTP mint from inside a contract. Because ZCFMints encapsulate
```

  an internal ERTP mint, they have the same one-to-one relationships
  with an issuer and its associated brand. A ZCFMint can mint assets and assign them to a seat without having to escrow
  payments, and burn seat-associated assets without corresponding payout.

> ZCFMints and ERTP mints do **not** have the same methods. Do not try to use ERTP methods on a ZCFMint or vice versa.

Reviewer: I can't decide whether it is helpful to point out that a ZCFMint actually wraps an ERTP Mint. Do whatever seems best.

## Offer Safety

Zoe guarantees offer safety. When a user makes an [offer](#offer) and its payments are [escrowed](#escrow) with Zoe, Zoe guarantees that
the user either gets what they said they wanted, or gets back what they originally offered and

> escrowed (i.e., a refund). One reason this is possible is if a [proposal](#proposal) doesn't match what the contract expects to do, it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
escrowed (a refund). One reason this is possible is if a [proposal](#proposal) doesn't match what the contract expects to do, it
```

## Offer Safety

Zoe guarantees offer safety. When a user makes an [offer](#offer) and its payments are [escrowed](#escrow) with Zoe, Zoe guarantees that
the user either gets what they said they wanted, or gets back what they originally offered and
escrowed (a refund). One reason this is possible is if a [proposal](#proposal) doesn't match what the contract expects to do, it
can immediately cause the [seat](#seat) to exit, getting back the amount it offered.

## Passable

> A *passable* is something that can be marshalled (see the

Reviewer: and sent as arguments to remote objects.

> Proposals are records with `give`, `want`, and `exit` keys. [Offers](#offer) must include a proposal, which states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposals are records with `give`, `want`, and `exit` properties. [Offers](#offer) must include a proposal, which states
```

what asset you want, what asset you will give for it, and how/when the offer maker can cancel the offer
(see [Exit Rule](#exit-rule) for details on the last). For example:
```js
const myProposal = harden({
  give: { Asset: AmountMath.make(quatloosBrand, 4)},
  want: { Price: AmountMath.make(moolaBrand, 15) },
  exit: { onDemand: null }
})
```
`give` and `want` use [keywords](#keywords) defined by the contract. Each specifies via an [amount](#amounts) a description of what
they are willing to give or want to get.

## Purse

> A purse holds [amounts](#amounts) of assets issued by a particular [mint](#mint) that are all of the same [brand](#brand) and generally _stationary_.

Reviewer: I don't understand what "_stationary_" is supposed to mean here.

Author: I think it's intended as a contrast to [usually short-lived] payments. Reworded to "…often for arbitrarily long periods of time".

Values are the part of an [amount](#amounts) that describe the value of something
that can be owned or shared: How much, how many, or a description of a unique asset, such as
Pixel(3,2), $3, or “Seat J12 for the show September 27th at 9:00pm”.
[Fungible](#fungible) values are usually

> represented by natural numbers. Other values may be represented as strings naming a particular

Reviewer: Please rephrase in terms of CopySets.
